# A - Activity Diagram
### This week, you will work on the analysis discipline of the OOAD process.
### You will create an Activity Diagram for each use case you created in the previously.
### You must upload the models to your GitHub in the Analysis folder, subfolder ActivityDiagram.
### You will:
- a.Upload into Blackboard a single PowerPoint file containing the following slides:
  - a. Title of your project, group#, and student members
  - b. A paragraph describing your project (just one slide)
  - c. A slide containing the use case model developed in the previous slides (just one slide). Even if you have several use cases, your use case model must fit a single PowerPoint page. It must be readable.
  - Then, for each use case in your use case model (a use case model must have at least 3 and at most 7 use cases), you will provide a slide containing the activity diagram. So if your use case model has 7 use cases, then you will have 7 slides, where each one will contain an activity diagram
- b. Your blackboard submission must also contain a clickable link to your GitHub: no picture, just the link.
- c. You will upload into GitHub under the Analysis folder subfolder ActivityDiagram the following files:
  - a. One .pdf file for each Activity Diagram drawn by hand. Make sure the background of the PDF file is white with no lines or any other picture, text on it.
  - b. One .puml file for each Activity Diagram. The .puml MUST also contain a text describing the activity diagram. Do it steps so the steps on the text shall map the actions in the activity diagram, and vice-versa
  - c. One .png file for each Activity diagram containing the .png image generated by the PlantUML Server
  - d. The name of files must match the name of the use case
### In addition, you MUST update your domain model and robuteness diagrams based on the comments provided by the instructor, e.g.
### a) Add names on the associations in the Domain Model
### b) Make sure the Entity Classes in the robustness diagram match the classes in the Domain Model
### c) Make sure the diagrams are readable
### d) Do not use ad hoc notations, make sure you use UML notation
### Please use the reference books for further guidelines. In addition, you can use:
### I. Jacobson et. al., The Unified Software Development Process. Addison Wesley, 1999. Section 3.4 and Chapter 8.
### J. Arlow and I. Neustadt. The UML and the Unified Process: Practical object-oriented analysis and design.Addison Wesley, 2002. Chapters 6,7, 8, and 9. 
