# Assignment: A - Use Cases

#### Based on your project description, you will create a use case model.
#### You will hand-draw a use case model containing actors and use cases. No need to provide textual documentation in the hand-drawn picture.
#### Then, you will create a PlantUML description of your use case. 
#### You will use PlantUML notes to provide a description (1 paragraph) for each actor and use case.
#### You will upload to GitHub under the folder Requirements / Use Case:
  - 1. The hand-drawn picture of your use case model
  - 2. The PlantUML description file
  - 3. The picture generated by PlantUML

#### Make sure your use case model includes at least one actor (primary and secondary), 3 to 7 use cases, and scope (square!).
#### Be prepared to present to class your results.
#### You MUST the correct notation to specify your use case diagram!
#### Ad Hoc notations will not be accepted.
#### Examples:
#### https://online.visual-paradigm.com/diagrams/features/use-case-diagram-software/
#### https://plantuml.com/use-case-diagram

#### You must update the GitHub with the following files:
  - a) The hand-drawn picture (preferably use .pdf)
  - b) the PlantUML file. The PlantUML MUST match what you put in your PlantUML description file
  - c) A picture exported by the PlantUML server based on your PlantUML description
### In your Blackboard submission, you MUST include a link to your GitHub repository or folder where the files above have been uploaded.
