This week, you will work on the design discipline of the OOAD process.

You will create a SequenceDiagram for each use case you created in the previous assignment. 

You will also create a complete Class Diagram. This diagram must contain all the entity classes, associations among classes, class attributes, and class methods.

You must upload the models to your GitHub in the Design folder. For each Use Case, create a sub-folder under the Design Folder. The name of the sub-folder MUST match the name of the Use Case. Create a sub-folder named ClassDiagram that will contain the class diagram artifacts

You will:

Upload into Blackboard a single PowerPoint file containing the following slides:
Title of your project, group#, and student members
A paragraph describing your project (just one slide)
A slide containing the use case model developed in the previous slides (just one slide). Even if you have several use cases, your use case model must fit a single PowerPoint page. It must be readable.
Then, for each use case in your use case model (a use case model must have at least 3 and at most 7 use cases), you will provide a slide containing the sequence diagram. So if your use case model has 7 use cases, then you will have 7 slides, where each one will contain a sequence diagram
The complete class diagram
Your blackboard submission must also contain a clickable link to your GitHub: no picture, just the link.
You will upload into GitHub under the Design folder the following things:
Under the SequenceDiagram sub-folder
One JPEG file for each Sequence Diagram drawn by hand. Make sure the background of the file is white with no lines or any other picture, text on it.
One .puml file for each Sequence Diagram
One .png file for each Sequence diagram containing the .png image generated by the PlantUML Serve
The name of files must match the name of the use case
Under the ClassDiagram sub-folder, upload:
The handrawn class diagram in JPEG format
The .puml
The PNG generated by PlantUML
Notes:

a) Make sure the entity classes in your sequence diagrams are defined in your domain model: they must match!

b) Make sure that the communications between classes (horizontal lines) are methods defined in your domain model: they must match!

Please use the reference books for further guidelines. In addition, you can use:

I. Jacobson et. al., The Unified Software Development Process. Addison Wesley, 1999. Section 3.4 and Chapter 8.

J. Arlow and I. Neustadt. The UML and the Unified Process: Practical object-oriented analysis and design.Addison Wesley, 2002. Chapters 6,7, 8, and 9. 