# B - Analysis - Robustness Diagram
### This week, you will work on the analysis discipline of the OOAD process.
### You will create a Robustness Diagram for each use case you created in the previous assignment.
### You must upload the models to your GitHub in the Analysis folder.
### You will:
- a. Upload into Blackboard a single PowerPoint file containing the following slides:
  - a. Title of your project, group#, and student members
  - b. A paragraph describing your project (just one slide)
  - c. A slide containing the use case model developed in the previous slides (just one slide). Even if you have several use cases, your use case model must fit a single PowerPoint page. It must be readable.
  - d. Then, for each use case in your use case model (a use case model must have at least 3 and at most 7 use cases), you will provide a slide containing the robustness diagram. So if your use case model has 7 use cases, then you will have 7 slides, where each one will contain a robustness diagram
- b. Your blackboard submission must also contain a clickable link to your GitHub: no picture, just the link.
- c. You will upload into GitHub under the Analysis folder the following files:
  - 1. One .pdf file for each Robustness Diagram drawn by hand. Make sure the background of the PDF file is white with no lines or any other picture, text on it.
  - 2. One .puml file for each Robustness Diagram
  - 3. One .png file for each robustness diagram containing the .png image generated by the PlantUML Server
### The name of files must match the name of the use case
